#Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-d9auJKG4OCSz1PT8s0Uxg #Nicolas Cannasse 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC08QfQDLAd9D7aYPFgBUIng #AdamCYounis
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0InhTEH5giQYPaTp69z-7g #3dEx
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0JB7TSe49lg56u6qH8y_MQ #GDC
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0dvdAcjwt9d2zNwwwHHBaw #Anim A
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0fVfxYdWDC6vhPlMumWv_A #HiroArchus
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0lBHlBBMjcDFnLWhAEhMLg #Dylan Neill
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1tOuHvcBAMcWncyGqesFhw #Pietro Chiovaro
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1xZ12idH7iEjG0JtfF95tA #Yadoob
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC28AeQTC5RVMPMBQhW-gTOA #Datprayincajun
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2CRYvS0FWRkTpCU3l4j8Mg #GameDev.tv
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2D2CMWXMOVWx7giW1n3LIg #Andrew Huberman
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2Dh7AqyxuJZ7ZHK-PcAl5Q #펭구연PenGuyeon
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2PqMuVxs-y6zBJjNEyZa5A #tppo
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2U5mRfclG1Rrr1ztNkpGKA #Royal Skies
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA #Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2fcKj_HNw9hUIkKAyR24Rw #David Browne
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2vVVgKKzN-Gb_xeaUY0o-Q #Andrew Hoffman
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2yjJJcNzIrBDqNqRk_UCyA #Rico Cilliers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3AwZ0mkVtOxm9xVpC9vJyA #OptionalDev
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3IfjcqazhSMQV9rBmpXwzQ #Rodesqa ____
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3LqPyZ9818X8EM9e9mJMwQ #Tyler's Tech
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3N9EgHVUHwKj0W3oLWCsMg #Crow Coding
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4PxoFN-9vBLrcfh8q5DPGQ #Tokisan Games
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4Qvpti1dS1KKC7PLyLl__g #BaM Animation
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4S7Fm5x-WXRCWP6MjK6k2A #Code Smell
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4lLVkUGPtM5pnS3ZskvECg #DanPro
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4t3esSIxIJeXFF2Ivd8hQg #How2Animate
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC524_NOif1p3YPC39UAbF1A #Wayward Art Company
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5ABAuGEvBMmau-1xJsNw6w #Jacques Lucke
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5KDiSAFxrDWhmysBcNqtMA #Eric Murphy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw #The Linux Experiment
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5i9q7lTE1Ad6lK-PTGROhg #Daniel Bystedt
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5qvW9fotdsSJkCguB_t-kQ #Blender Cloud
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6JnHy5VqJ4fQ_PfrgsRnWg #Lance Phan
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6biysICWOJ-C3P4Tyeggzg #Low Level Learning
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6c1ZVAum6XvNN_x4ZdYxkg #Yudit 1999
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6gJtkKLq7MTkm0SJRpYBWg #DECODED
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6lat_oEAjzK9c38QXMAi2g #Diego Gangl
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7M-Wz4zK8oikt6ATcoTwBA #Freya Holmér
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7uU5XaPB9uYKlowYOhEHnA #willnationsdev
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7yZ6keOGsvERMp2HaEbbXQ #devaslife
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw #ThePrimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8bYucAICXmYet8pZ5Ja9Dw #Martin Donald
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8rhLbCRjbSrWpotxc3fOFA #Art In Motion Studios
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8tBPkAtX575yDDAoq82KpQ #xDGameStudios
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA #Computerphile
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9AaLDhxchWG4HoxmsEusUw #ucupumar
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9DR22-qohBDtZ74R3FxOZg #Emi
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9NTBQja_r2NI5e56PvuSAA #Daniel Kreuter
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9VayT7q3pQ7tdF-TG4Q0yQ #CG Cookie
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9vsDwrWP80xqpPeT5sXrpQ #Someone's Channel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAbIgoN2rBxvAt0WG0akkKQ #Dave the Dev
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAcXkKCYidxGU-VIA5z-ZzQ #Kristof Dedene
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAsj9iReHzLEYv9QawGzIOg #Blender Developers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAwIcpxPyhggo-c_kWywKsg #25games
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBPIvSktco3ZQRhnqnOtCuA #Hoya choe -호야초 Blender3D Channel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBbJ0w6jHxjLNKotoIg4aXQ #Dev!Bird
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBfTZcUrkaC4saMq1jVu1QA #Open3DLab
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBobmJyzsJ6Ll7UbfhI4iwQ #Unreal Engine
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCC-rjGYsVFrcTlVov4CAXtQ #YCF CG
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCFiW5PwlxKv1jOhB89rdhQ #Branno
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCezIgC97PvUuR4_gbFUs5g #Corey Schafer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCqoUie1Cj8aj4LJ34LUyfw #Master Albert
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD7K_FECPHTF0z5okAVlh0g #NekotoArts
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDeQdW6Lt6nhq3mLM4oLGWw #NVIDIA Studio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCE98xefVUXmbvQfe-wNS8oA #Matt Barton
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEbQnZQQtzATJreYx78uw6A #Mezaka
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEg0FrVjeF747OtgCBrtobQ #Nolkaloid
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEhYWUp3jRKQF7GHjhpcI_g #Paul O Caggegi
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEklP9iLcpExB8vp_fWQseg #Makin' Stuff Look Good
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEyzutdxmqyZuMqXPVT8ziA #ACB_Gamez
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFK9ZoVDqDgY6KGMcHEloFw #Pigdev
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCF_Txv3tuSm0bHiUUqsNmVg #Saqib Hussain
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGMyyn2FdEFcDfP1wQRh5lQ #Erindale
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGTson1aVohkJnbrqpNBXqg #Haxe Events
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGXr6E_g91ue1rfhA9j4TLA #Polygon Academy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHQN5OHcekt8tnOP5qwu5fw #Zylann Productions
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHdw9ID9-A1gA3enZ65KmYw #INDEX 3D
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHihootMqyGz175gqOPahtw #CrossMind Studio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHxE7lE60wV0B7DL4KHIfdQ #Wojtek Pe
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI9d6eQjf__r5gyH4GHRssg #Curiomatic
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIJlEqDOI15Ted9fmRiqnIQ #Blekoh
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIWoX-ECh2VI-VGgLt8XKTQ #POLYGONOMICON
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIf8FtUSagYnvkRD-SFrVBg #東京ネームタンク
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIjUIjWig0r5DIixQrt6A3A #t3ssel8r
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIpwO-VpFfyZcA9h2UnIrUQ #Amazon Lumberyard
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIyFiPdSk4s0-LQLZvI_cxw #LittleStryker
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJ8fNfnlgFDm6JxmEy6svtw #aVersionOfReality
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKIDvfZD1ZhY4_hhbotf7wA #Godot Engine
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKtu_JtQCY0yryIy6zK4ZCg #Marc Brunet
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLQlGnQcCb5pvMN2nz89N-A #Gingerageous Games
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLtcXpEuZo-Px7Hzm_tflGQ #Cryptic Coding
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLweX1UtQjRjj7rs_0XQ2Eg #Game Endeavor
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLyVUwlB_Hahir_VsKkGPIA #Mix and Jam
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMCGlUIFMqeJ8JDMHlWXDjg #Smix Eight
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMCjGkbqKVkjJN2sVWocz0w #Kris - LucenDev
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMygjYg4U1ZPH87yei2t7aw #Leon Stansfield
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCN-YuzlFmOOh0A5iwiDab2w #HungryProton
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNTZFGRsyqNtvI4T2syNkIw #Quixel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNZ69Kmb3EBMfaMk1x3OsMw #Chris Jones
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNaPQ5uLX5iIEHUCLmfAgKg #KidsCanCode
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNxIpuJ9MF8rcl9rrXAPUdQ #PIXXO 3D
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNzX63sWlLoKHT7SE8iyFTA #Nagi
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCO9VPWphWuHAQ30X-BeMu6A #KindoSaur
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCONH73CdRXUjlh3-DdLGCPw #Nicco Loves Linux
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOUWVGNhcHEICE8AjR8up3g #Darkfall
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOawmp0CsDHtQzotefGzKug #Syncretic 3D
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOvvFK_EhrX9exQ-jkLPg8w #mikeymegamega
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOwLECHVxmbbWTr9tXmxDxA #黎(クロイ)
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP7H8NPvamkD9mL5sIXnnFQ #CodingKaiju
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPUe9uOcp1UMpVi6Vll60Jw #Garbaj
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPegKt9rmCQctOEqPAwQCdg #Pefeper
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPsSoOCRNIj-eo2UbXfcdAw #xen-42
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ-W1KE9EYfdxhL6S4twUNw #The Cherno
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQG40havu4kNpB4pxUDQhYQ #Acerola
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQLYbIvGWtClestisnB1_6A #真島ヒロ.mashima Ch.
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQRGNFkUfkfk9Oo8o7Es09Q #wojtryb
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR35rzd4LLomtQout93gi0w #Game Dev Guide
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR4oFFjKQKHj_fCOkBLH61w #I Want to Be an Animator - Animation Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRBNWKYrybXl2Un6-ejwx8g #OtaKing Animation
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRSx63y-VPidCrycgDS-o_Q #CGDive
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRs1QwQrxmgPpy604EEafWw #NAD LABS
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCS97tchJDq17Qms3cux8wcA #chris@machine
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSMOQeBJ2RAnuFungnQOxLg #Blender
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSojAWUnEUTUcdA9iJ6bryQ #FinePointCGI
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTC8GDw1XidOTUBEFRbN-sA #Open 3D Engine
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTEZ0gVA5jMYq2SwjLyTUKw #PlayWithFurcifer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCT_Y4okpd6G0DUaNl1bT1sw #Daniel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTkESEtN569u1ItrV6yn6VA #Olof Storm
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUMwY9iS8oMyWDYIe6_RmoA #No Boilerplate
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUPvKyKhh33gn0VatEjCrcQ #Coding With Unity
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUmLRMERmJrmUtgnbFfknAg #Randy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUyeluBRhGPCW4rPe_UvBZQ #ThePrimeTime
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg #DistroTube
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVpankR4HtoAVtYnFDUieYA #Ze Frank
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWRMaStxurLCplLYRVEx1zg #gimp workshop
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWo70A4NPBAUXRBwmCoFNOA #William Godwin
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWoSKWs8h6lFdiEDAjuIfpA #Displaced Gamers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCX2Zc5bP5eDm_lqUgUNwvUA #Kasper Frandsen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXPHFM88IlFn68OmLwtPmZA #wincent
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXRp2QSg7lgfQ2_qmNVreEg #Everything and Nothing Dev
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXg1pcBb1Ldkb5qEbqIzEzw #Heliodor wiluite
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXn8-gm9911oa7jJM8AAy3g ##LollypopMan
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCY8Ip8akvAdTVOqKOTmYmyw #Deakcor
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYV54HXYtGR-gHjXuH8UaEQ #Artruism Digital
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZCh_2a0jaR-P-1OnXPcBhg #Keidi Cole
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZDjQltHRNiXIYXMBeLDleA #bitbrain
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZFUrFoqvqlN8seaAeEwjlw #Grant Abbitt
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZK6pEIRXNTRnwCaZMUXnDA #BitBirdy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZmZjz7XvWfKz4fMjLwrNmQ #SpeedChar
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZo92PCc9mUwfDkKqZkZVzg #Dew Diehard
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZpRsQ1K1ylPAxJWrQh1ZzQ #Johnny Rouddro
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZtPfwgeHPlt0rLEXfrltRQ #Dreadpon
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_9ObjTaq4kIvuVCJgHPPRw #kelogsloops
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_CC9isZsKofGK8gMy8uhPQ #Arkeve
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_CyR8Aqfl45kzFIDeMr-CQ #Alex Moukala Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_dHqcx42pQ0f3_lWeT6pUg #亥と卯_イとウ
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa5yts90Ol6QOHXxpEUkggQ #Thoughtquake
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaSCt8s_4nfkRglWCvNSDrg #CodeAesthetic
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaiL2GDNpLYH6Wokkk1VNcg #mCoding
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaoqVlqPTH78_xjTjTOMcmQ #Miziziziz
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbf7bKRX6aTr1Tix1nTJo1Q #Kmitt
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbmxZRQk-X0p-TOxd6PEYJA #IanHubert
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcDwrR84PrPZiHU0TpNZUgA #Bartosz Styperek
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcJZN5NOivkW0d4SbQQhOHQ #AGORA
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcP4PVCoHiQwRnZbVdbAx0A #Loïc Pinsard
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcVClhnvO2PaYoiJstwphpg #dyc3
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCczi7Aq_dTKrQPF5ZV5J3gg #Bramwell
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd3dNckv1Za2coSaHGHl5aA #TJ DeVries
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd9i2MKimSaKezat1xkn8-A #Lightning Boy Studio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdEz1N-xB-mYNpeU5ZKbGLw #Dikko
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdU9e4eNsJif0rBrBiYRb5g #Code with Tom
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdpWKLNfbROyoGPV46-zaUQ #Default Cube
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCe6EmNalhVPvt1nOL37jxEA #Nik Kottmann
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeeqKmjl3oFw_AtJElH0-VA #Ilya Gagarin
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCf5Ojl3TZBnHeGMlT0vLHsg #Ace
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfe_znKY1ukrqlGActlFmaQ #Healthy Software Developer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfrFmin0H2oL8JpuWq9xcUg #Team Miracles
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg6gPGh8HU2U01vaFCAsvmQ #Chris Titus Tech
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg9aqIQp3EMn9sJP8JQyJ7w #Miloš Černý Animation
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgXdyySqz7qH-lDiVG-7KwA #"Randy, the Sequel"
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgd3l8iA5zBYVa4sQ6-ONFw #UGuruz
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCi6Mqacf1b6aieHCoY6aqYg #SomeNormalArtist
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjBTceQ-XFxKNDoGk805zig #Activemotionpictures
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjCpZyil4D8TBb5nVTMMaUw #Dapper Dino
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjlXf64yurREu7HUSRkY94w #The ErrorDev
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCju11GChbDKSX44VQ0MUvSw #Elleca
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCk8l6-02Nui9gbdfc1aL6Uw #Project Borealis
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkIFOAoFm47XOAlJwTa6Ieg #浦沢チャンネル -URASAWA CHANNEL-
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkIccKaHDGA8lYVmUerLhag #Krita
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkf4VIqu3Acnfzuk3kRIFwA #gotbletu
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkkvqsQF3t58SlxDzHIxM1Q #Tutemic
#https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClUvUh2AoIhJRezjduP3xcQ #TopChannel1on1
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA #Brodie Robertson
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClseGZiVmeHamsjYmpbiAmQ #Game Development Center
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCm4RuvYtgpgFDTCgaEUT5uQ #Andrea Catania
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmRm1xtLIpBhuWjTyD411pA #Trent Kaniuga
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmtyQOKKmrMVaKuRXz02jbQ #Sebastian Lague
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCn0gnmUeZjPTRHmft4xG33A #Ciro Continisio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCngn7SVujlvskHRvRKc1cTw #BugsWriter
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnr9ojBEQGgwbcKsZC-2rIg #Godot Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCo0dAKk_7dXBNwYPgD2v7Zw #BrotherBaston
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCo57r5geuOTZzu1CoHbGbtQ #Pixel Architect
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoNCFVqoroHVhzIoW8m-gDA #Arman Elgudzhyan
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoVQSxuSr-nSvXKf0gONFtg #mclelun
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCol5ZwEMrkdUrSTx_beWhJw #Create Now Sleep Later
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCormzAJ-LQ2frWbBLcqxIfg #Joshua Sawyer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp1e34nrTQqVXkNU5ekH9CQ #Smart Poly
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp7EwodJcppc6GqiRcnCpOw #Blender Secrets
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpays4QrGaZ4_ZpX0P6aM1w #Juan Linietsky
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpxizXEIm73-GJJwayhGceA #Level Pixel Level
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq5pevaKS_J9TM-arXT1nqA #Slick Games
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq_TF1nSBsSvNRqd0jtUbrw #Duroxxigar
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqeI_GYUEzbtbPyTccs7MKA #株式会社モーションアクター（Motion Actor Inc）
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqthAAPLF1g0IHkSYazCICg #Fuelled By Caffeine
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqudVj-HwlHyTJCLnDbXspQ #Blender Renaissance
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCr-5TdGkKszdbboXXsFZJTQ #Gamefromscratch
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrBX7eh2_4XteVUEurfvvIQ #Sean Kennedy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrHQNOyU1q6BFEfkNq2CYMA #HeartBeast
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA #Fireship
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsH1eey6t_y4pCcJBxH_EvQ #Nadiaxel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCscoqrVcMbZwv5jIpKVYpDg #Ombarus
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCseUQK4kC3x2x543nHtGpzw #Brian Will
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsm54Ydrdc24yzAqxEa3NLw #Anèésh Arts
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsn9MzwyPKeCE6MEGtMU4gg #MortMort
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg #Wolfgang's Channel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsvlGOZyqjd68ZUUmgqwj0g #colin leung
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtUId5WFnN82GdDy7DgaQ7w #Better Ideas
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtgPGBUUk7LR9ItF3SlWriQ #LucyLavend
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu5c6QiVw2bZLruYdnURt-w #VisuStella
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuJELqawg8PbjbP1RAhP2fQ #Curious Panda Games
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuNhGhbemBkdflZ1FGJ0lUQ #Ducky 3D
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuuP4vntO_30uKajTs7w82Q #Marat Sar
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCv1DvRY5PyHHt3KN9ghunuw #Masahiro Sakurai on Creating Games
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvF5E43844vzBEXxcQX2QFQ #Effekseer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvY3Hl2151nHrkYJz6ITMfA #DragonBones
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvc_NsQTe4o4Si_skXeqO5w #samsface
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwPCTaFvVox7nO4Bv8uoweg #kizakiaoi
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwmDCkPQojch5khdMYCb0EA #Ethan Becker
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCx24sE50kpzHB_du_B57awQ #Vincent Dérozier
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCx4Q_UtxdUunA_LAljKezNA #Savvy Barbarian
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxO_ya-RmAXCXJCU54AxYFw #New Frame Plus
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxRW28Si8_Vb27-IDhFMMKQ #Matt MirrorFish
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxboW7x0jZqFdvMdCFKTMsQ #GDQuest
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxtfNKYEnJLzM-60BFyITSA ##watchmeanimate
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxvalDXOQfmYmrbo8Gu2duQ #mw design
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyUxf1-S8pxZBkBR-3YSsLg #johnnygossdev
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyidnqcpyN-0p1U6LhOofPg #wareya
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCylGUf9BvQooEFjgdNudoQg #The Linux Cast
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCylVqS5Hk_i175AyCeYKT2w #Get Indie Gaming
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyqXLDebVx9rNnoSpcnNH3Q #SomeRanDev
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCz75RVbH8q2jdBJ4SnwuZZQ #Blender Studio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzghqpGuEmk4YdVewxA79GA #Curtis Holt
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzgvT3r-o8-Qqt9O3K_PHuA #Sebastian Graves
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzm1c3WkkspdcwqiJshGHeQ #Armin Halac

#Entertaiment
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXU7XVK_2Wd6tAHYO8g9vAA #Jacob Preston
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0SyhPy7VsMQCIYDszFaplQ #Austin Eruption
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-B06UJxJ20HYv15lzrm9mA #dillongoo
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-LM91jkqJdWFvm9B5G-w7Q #Alan Fisher
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0fDG3byEcMtbOqPMymDNbw #Noclip - Video Game Documentaries
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0intLFzLaudFG-xAvUEO-A #Not Just Bikes
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0k342sbQrmY5UIUJePx8nw #Otalp TV
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC11kXccsO_L3hHNHu7YVqWg #Otaku Bartender
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC16fG7-summGsrcqkkYb6hg #Barry Kramer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1YDVwTL5M_TVivEdTbfKrA #XP to Level 3
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC22BdTgxefuvUivrjesETjg #History Matters
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2e0bNZ6CzT-Xvr070VaGsw #ProJared
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3XTzVzaHQEd30rQbuvCtTQ #LastWeekTonight
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3_AWXcf2K3l9ILVuQe-XwQ #Matthias random stuff
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3g-w83Cb5pEAu5UmRrge-A #Brandon Sanderson
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3ltptWa0xfrDweghW94Acg #Karl Jobst
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4GV1pS9ZY6lqNzCZFdVcog #Valmafra Lenande
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4a9LfdavRlVMaSSWFdIciA #RobWords
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4ke8UUyoKRciMtWqZhU7sw #Zero
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5CYeHPLer3lbEhgonvbbAA #Noah Caldwell-Gervais
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5X_EpEmrH_CAIfG1E9eSgQ #Gregzilla
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5Xeb9-FhZXgvw340n7PsCQ #Stop Skeletons From Fighting
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5c8xw-NuFFfwjAtGKCjMuQ #Macroblank
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5oUNPb7GOtB97cBCOKaozA #sherbies
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC5s_x_QCzxUJ_T5dufP88aQ #Vee Infuso
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC67f2Qf7FYhtoUIF4Sf29cA #Bad Lip Reading
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC6B561H2ARRDvsliZyyYApA #David Nihill
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7Bk5kjQ_ZV4QJAlBgrrHlg #Mr Karma
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7u0bvxKLpB14SL6cLxb7Uw #Random Internet Guy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7vz8fyfipOlaLAYPBEG_Uw #Kirby Otaku
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8Q7XEy86Q7T-3kNpNjYgwA #Incognito Mode
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8TZwtZ17WKFJSmwTZQpBTA #My Analog Journal
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8dVW9u_aNeGVl1WQnNh6yg #Matt & Justus
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8zTlrhQ0w1-TZjc2-jdcag #Andre Antunes
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC94O6XAN2P2rEmkIEDf2UbQ #Mr Karma 2
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9LQwHZoucFT94I2h6JOcjw #Liverpool FC
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9UJ7FU85pQujXTZkfUq24g #Marsh
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9aUgz_Lu41jDmOyY9cE5gA #LoomecyV2
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCA6ZR5id4mBTwdzGXavuF3w #RetrospectiveGaming
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAiEWppTvoNSHU939xhMb2g #hoser
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCBq8CLRcJN8rgqHOkyL1ozg #Supergiant Games
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCXR2kCo7Lcw_BKwWxo09kw #Zee Bashew
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCd1Cwjp3hK1tTxevgnHD3g #Alina Gingertail
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCClyi2HUuVSeBJm1150aAcQ #Corey Heuvel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCD6VugMZKRhSyzWEWA9W2fg #SsethTzeentach
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDY38N7kqibfYXX7jSbJNsg #captcorajus
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDz2WObY9455S9IbLdZsrxg #XO
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDzdRLILLWlHxXnj3HhXW0A #Caitlin Myers
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCE8CoHUbCktcjxyfJaXW74A #DarkDax
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEG3ulBltfrvOE8baBogJ0g #ZONE TOONS
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEas6ztXcwEkbaClw4zof9g #ClassicGameJunkie
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEq_Dr1GHvnNPQNfgOzhZ8Q #Solid jj
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFbtXFIaAJ0fOtgyeDs8Jog #Lud and Schlatts Musical Emporium 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGA9-VO0z4eELmVtsJEgyQQ #Shoocharu
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGc8ZVCsrR3dAuhvUbkbToQ #City Beautiful
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGgy9QqFwElrVg4vf6QNX_A #BestGuyEver
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH2HkXiQjkfgnPU3_d5lftg #GamezOfWar
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHXgyt8HgbgmJ2XOobFZlZA #Super Guitar Bros
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHbewR6SV4YBmfGWsjzSqrw #DravenSwiftbow
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHySPgM6d4vni_vB6dglLQQ #Live Laugh Love
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI1XS_GkLGDOgf8YLaaXNRA #CalebCity
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI3GAJaOTL1BoipG41OmfyA #MrBtongue
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCI8iQa1hv7oV_Z8D35vVuSg #Hardware Unboxed
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIvGAXEwsu3btCd-0FKsryw #WillsKeyboardSink
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCIy7fkGstmnGtjB4eFAGR9w #Rodrigo Takehara
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJQfl8QxjNen736AVO3ecFg #Clemps
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJ_jwWjf8u5mdtac71Be8QA #Hildegard von Blingin'
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCK9_x1DImhU-eolIay5rb2Q #ACG
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCKn72wsF89-DxlA1jlq_fUA #SuperButterBuns
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLT1afXnrfCyvYqFfykt44w #GillStudio
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLXo7UDZvByw2ixzpQCufnA #Vox
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCM-Imt636hk4nHrXKwxR7XA #Jazz Emu
# https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCM08IEZrAxP0GJbcCxyv3rg #Laurence McKenna
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCM2ra7Od2jliHB9TLPKt76w #MovementbyDavid
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMOqf8ab-42UUQIdVoKwjlQ #Practical Engineering
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMu5gPmKp5av0QCAajKTMhw #ERB
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNGBumW2Kq_0ErBmI5eaJ2Q #aiiro
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOIdEzbNvPNmVkUE6QC0qYA #VRabbit
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOpcACMWblDls9Z6GERVi1A #Screen Junkies
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOuWeOkMrq84u5LY6apWQ8Q #TREY the Explainer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCP7kEy3I12oIHb9X6KUX26g #Team Goatee (Mr. Goatee)
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPhVxopWpXWy-qHMXRVPLEQ #Shammy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQ-AAXSt0M5Gx0-A9UGut8g #Larian Studios
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQD3awTLw9i8Xzh85FKsuJA #SovietWomble
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQYHTF4v3Yo-Cj1MRFShb7Q #Strat-Edgy Productions
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQkd05iAYed2-LOmhjzDG6g #LowSpecGamer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQs8-UJ7IHsrzhQ-OQOYBmg #Seth Skorkowsky
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCR1D15p_vdP3HkrH8wgjQRw #Internet Historian
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRVtlcqayOmyuLIDrT3ng1w #Jay & Sharon
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRpG9rd1d08yKusMNikQLhw #InsertClickbait
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCRwnhxFZrL2yY5I60d5Ae_Q #Don't Stop Thinking
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSI48pjxCl0sWwJwbqo9csQ #Sam Griffin Guitar
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSJL4mrS3z_nnvsJ-gkOQ5A #Kyle Bosman
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSdma21fnJzgmPodhC9SJ3g #NakeyJakey
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSuhUzpdXg9jme6eN6HA_IA #GVMERS
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTNFR9XisKMlurGrPzizOzA #Critical Nobody
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTT0mtz1kTiWjWObDwT0ylA #Dedeen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUFrBvQ96A-KeU6NgpemQXA #Michael McIntyre
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCUHmrJz5TUUlm5dE4yYp_mw #I AM GAMES
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCV0UDLQyF2bGnR5KrVVg5cQ #FILM CRIT HULK
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVBUm9ccjHy0utvlChyrPHA #Joakim Karud
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVRe06byVGD79t_egOzA5sg #Pongsifu
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVVuMYbE98poTzS5Ohmz2DA #SideQuest
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVWhVAZwCdQsPZL-mDLcxPQ #Whitelight
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW7AGm8JSBEEew61dJIgl_A #tom cardy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWPTiFpzm8559H-9Err59gw #Turbo Button
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWSC_-y9QsDmACXRY3rvtsQ #Astrophysics
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCWqr2tH3dPshNhPjV5h1xRw #Super Bunnyhop
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCX7NrBIGUezEJxDK3vCZa7Q #Score 90
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYAm24PkejQR2xMgJgn7xwg #Stewart Hicks
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYtjA9HOQ12s0ZCkswgMatA #AnAmericanThinks
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZ7uHvfPDJH1xrD2sVViWqg #Orchestral Fantasy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZG-5TSNgIlZtsm8o9qVtzQ #CARAPS رياض الصيداوي
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZKyj7wDE51SMbkrRBT6SdA #Nerrel
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_SFqM6PCAh7N3A4NkCA0cw #Ovid
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaA5wWERI1gyl-iwTkb0JTw #Hobbes Sakuga
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCb_sF2m3-2azOqeNEdMwQPw #Matthewmatosis
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbbB9OBqp93J4_d9lpsAyiQ #PattyDrums
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbsfyGlrjrKQC0gbzK0-EiA #Jared Owen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcPwhUd2EKmq4qdnuL7C2KA #lkprodExtra
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcVClhnvO2PaYoiJstwphpg #dyc3
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCclc80TgD5XVehdYNXEx59w #Thinking Critical
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCctjGdm2NlMNzIlxz02IsXA #Chris Ray Gun
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcvZgX2vjAbgR6lRXBFCYqw #The Horne Section
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcvfHa-GHSOHFAjU0-Ie57A #Adam Something
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCd0ZD4iCXRXf18p3cA7EQfg #Taran Van Hemert
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdJdEguB1F1CiYe7OEi3SBg #JonTronShow
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCe6ye3l9WA4SdNkqgs0YeMA #QI
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeeFfhMcJa1kjtfZAGskOCA #TechLinked
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCex2B-k-ZIJhcjRdlYUz4MQ #BSoD Gaming
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCf6J9yokPS0ys456jvjLBGQ #Fandom Games
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfcc8OORrouV1lO_qeIZVNQ #Jimmy Here
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfpDNSkMPnmMwZHhUyplbZg #Pause and Select
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg83RGdRpwfvoFEuE2zWKZA #SomecallmeJohnny
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgb_TbreMgfDdLKkr4yYJHw #Andrew Millison
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgb_W03rSNRau2BBr1wUDDQ #Penniless Ragamuffin
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChBEbMKI1eCcejTtmI32UEw #Joshua Weissman
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UChrcDm7u2mF3II4F7idmXiQ #Chef Wang Gang International
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCi85sWSRyVT50F_-7EI7GrA #Few Sparkles
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCipYvDkcBw8Np3H8cmmxIzw #Tommy Oliver 3D
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjFaPUcJU1vwk193mnW_w1w #Modern Vintage Gamer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjKC1V-BWoFRVLAmYeoPCWw #Casually Comics
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjKSoJlPgcK6BmoSqXpj5xQ #Action Button
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCk-69xtxuCDuVF7CaaGeXQA #David Seymour
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkDSAQ_5-yx5hmuvUcsJL7A #Mr Sunday Movies
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkRByFN6eWfRjUH0MajJhBw #LittleVMills
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkT1vY_wBiCn8CO6B34wuVw #Forgotten Realms History
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClOGLGPOqlAiLmOvXW5lKbw #MandaloreGaming
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClYQwz4pVcuDnHXFsjXhbAQ #Krystallize
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClaKvviHS33i8H5DyiRVJNQ #Mix Select
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClcP4wxh2xRobkoXfGudczw #MSZ
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClt01z1wHHT7c5lKcU8pxRQ #hbomberguy
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClt_bLVpq_wRMgnMiU4WCkw #Tony4You
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClvOtap9LgfTjcpvbtHg11A #アクション対魔忍
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmGSJVG3mCRXVOP4yZrU1Dw #Johnny Harris
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmT69Nr6zmp4DMW3IZee6zw #The Bear Essentials
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnLxFpGiCi-u3RLx9uF8bOg #Russell Howard
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnq5UPLhlAEttKl8sszFmvw #Hartvigen
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCnqTGj8s80Wo1xN_zVusYJg #billbailey
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCo8186mZYAY49flt6HkbqlQ #Leon Massey
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoNRSwYHJdy-yV1b82ZdHfQ #SethEverman
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp-XZhyQLcJ8X65eT1T3XyQ #AntDude
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpE5VksCvp6lk35MJYlRs5Q #Josh & Archie
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCq6aw03lNILzV96UvEAASfQ #bill wurtz
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqYPhGiB9tkShZorfgcL2lA #What I've Learned
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqoAEDirJPjEUFcF2FklnBA #StarTalk
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqoOcEKFZnV1zQ4khXzG6kg #DOLLAR
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrPFIcku89f-BNlMbXZ5etA #NEAT
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCr_Q-bPpcw5fJ-Oow1BW1NQ #Kraut
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrwIwCT7vXtJIm3nZiwD7cQ #Algal the Bard
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs7yDP7KWrh0wd_4qbDP32g #Ninja Sex Party
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtESv1e7ntJaLJYKIO1FoYw #Periodic Videos
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtHaxi4GTYDpJgMSGy7AeSw #Michael Reeves
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCt_oFAUph4_8P3N_Xs-FGHg #Scamboli Reviews
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtnzbXHPjM1Rhv75uvnOQGg #Xel Writer
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuStdwyLs1GHGPgXOtcDnEw #Nick From Fulham
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuVLG9pThvBABcYCm7pkNkA #Climate Town
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCutV0j1GjlbJnnGbjRHtRmg #cantuse
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvMKMjxlKiz_9F6ycYZXThw #Mohammed DOUMIR
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvPQUgok-YCU06g9bFHxchQ #SnicketySlice
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwO-UgquohXwoe7f0e6lMnw #Invicta
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwaY7aJ_barzlX0FKrRFOsQ #h351
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCx6FUi5hHm78HPslucrVAcA #Glidus
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxLYtICsUCWdr1YPrj5DtwA #Ordinary Things
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxUheFf_jVsSkxW9DBd_6bA #The 8-Bit Big Band
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy0tKL1T7wFoYcxCe0xjN6Q #Technology Connections
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyZzcp3npuE3seKhIGBVyBQ #KBash
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCynMazSgjLBoA0qO3WcbdLg #Nam’s Compendium
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCz4ZjuO7HrynjRrRlur1yWg #The Canipa Effect
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCz5wnzqxdlrhdpaVoRwKe2A #Tim Minchin
